CustomPlayerModels/src/shared/resources/assets/cpm/wiki/pages/Animated-Textures.md, before:

## Animated Textures
Parts of your texture can be animated, by adding the Animated Texture effect.  
Select the texture you want to add animation to, then press `Effects/Add Animated Texture`  
![Animated textures in model tree](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/wiki/images/animated_tree.png)  
### Options:
**Region Start & Region Size:**  
Sets the animated reion on the texture. This is the area where the texture will be animated.  
Use the U/V spinners to the the value.  
**Animated Texture:**  
The top left U/V for the animated texture frames.  
**Frame time:**  
Time for each frame in miliseconds.  
**Frame count:**  
The number of frames in the animation.  
**Horizontal:**  
The layout of the animation frames.  
**Interpolate:**  
Interpolate between frames.  
![Animated texture in skin panel](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/wiki/images/animated_tex.png)  
The yellow region will be animated. The white area are the animation frames.  
Example project: [Link](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/examples/animated_texture.cpmproject)

Commit message:

0.6.11a
Updated Spanish base translations (#481)
Updated Simplified Chinese translation (#482)
Added a warning message when connecting to offline servers
Editor QoL:
- Added a warning if animated texture regions overlap
- Added part locking
- Added 'Copy Transform from original' quick action when duplicating
Added animations:
- Using brush animations
- Head rotation animations
Added biome and entity tags system
- Only available through OSC for now
Ported to 1.20.2 Pre Release 2

Fixed crash with Cosmetic Armor fabric
Fixed player heads with Optifine on 1.19.4 and 1.20
Fixed armor on 1.20 Optifine
Fixed glow not working in first person with Iris (Closes #473)
Fixed skulls not showing glow layers with Iris
Fixed crash on fabric 1.16 and older (Closes #472)
Fixed export crash (Closes #483)
Fixed editor ui not updating correctly in some cases (Closes #476)
Fixed paste showing incorrect error messages
Fixed editor now shows the correct error message on corrupted install
Fixed armor root duplications not loading in the editor (Closes #479)
Fixed more than 255 animations breaking when exporting

CustomPlayerModels/src/shared/resources/assets/cpm/wiki/pages/Animated-Textures.md, after:

## Animated Textures
Parts of your texture can be animated, by adding the Animated Texture effect.  
Select the texture you want to add animation to, then press `Effects/Add Animated Texture`  
![Animated textures in model tree](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/wiki/images/animated_tree.png)  
### Options:
**Region Start & Region Size:**  
Sets the animated reion on the texture. This is the area where the texture will be animated.  
Use the U/V spinners to the the value.  
**Animated Texture:**  
The top left U/V for the animated texture frames.  
**Frame time:**  
Time for each frame in miliseconds.  
**Frame count:**  
The number of frames in the animation.  
**Horizontal:**  
The layout of the animation frames.  
**Interpolate:**  
Interpolate between frames.  
![Animated texture in skin panel](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/wiki/images/animated_tex.png)  
The yellow region will be animated. The white area are the animation frames.  
Example project: [Link](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/examples/animated_texture.cpmproject)  
The animated region shouldn't overlap with the animated texture frames area. This will cause visual glitches in-game.
