CustomPlayerModels/src/shared/resources/assets/cpm/wiki/pages/FAQ.md, before:

### Q: Forge or Fabric?
A: Yes: [Forge on CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/custom-player-models), [Fabric on CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/custom-player-models-fabric), [Bukkit/Spigot/Paper on CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/bukkit-plugins/custom-player-models-bukkit), [Bukkit/Spigot/Paper on GitHub](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/releases), [Forge and Fabric on Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/custom-player-models)

### Q: Does the mod work in servers?
A: This is a client side mod. That means anyone with the mod can see your models but without it cant.

### Q: Does this project/model work on my Minecraft version?
A: Yes, projects and models work across all supported Minecraft versions.

### Q: Where is the model editor?
A: On the top left of the screen. You do NOT need to download a third party program.

### Q: How do I use my model?
A: You have to export your project. File/Export, and upload the exported png as your skin. Or use the Export and Upload button. More info on the wiki: [Exporting](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/wiki/Exporting)

### Q: How do I make a model?
A: I would recommend starting with using the tool Convert Vanilla Parts which allows you to edit the limbs directly. Then add blocks, bits and textures until you are done.

### Q: How do I color or texture?
A: Look on the left hand panel and use that to change it. But it is alot easier if you do it on a third party software like paint.net, gimp or photoshop. You can also change the size of the texture sheet.

### Q: How do you make more shapes?
A: You can't unless you use cubes to make it. You can make a triangle with two squares with the same color etc. 

### Q: How do I animate?
A: Move it pose to pose and use the ms count to make it how long the animation lasts. You can make parts appear and disappear in animations!

### Q: Discord?
A: [https://discord.gg/mKyXdEsMZD](https://discord.gg/mKyXdEsMZD)

### Q: How do I export?
A: Press the export button, select a skin that the vanilla players will see. Choose the export location and a name for the file, and if a file has the same name or has a invalid character it will not export.

### Q :What is a gist?
A: [https://gist.github.com/](https://gist.github.com/) to create it Yes you will need to make an account, and the program will give you something to copy and paste into the gist. After you create the gist copy the link to it and paste it in the editor. You need this because the skin file cannot contain it because there is too much data for it to store on the skin.

### Q:Are there any tutorials?
A: Look in community-tutorials.
 
### Q: How do I make a part glow?
A: Using one of the effects called "glowing eyes" you can make a whole part/block "glow" (enderman eyes). Also it will be transparent, to fix that create two of the same part in the exact same position and only make ONE OF THEM glow! Then it will be a solid "glowing" parts! (You can make it actually glow using shaders)

### Q: How do I stop using the vanilla animations?
A: Turn off additive, then move the root limbs just a little bit and then you can make your own animations! (**Not the things inside from when you convert vanilla parts**). Or Use the disable vanilla animations effect.

### Q: It's not showing up in game!
A: Are you sure you are using the right skin? Check to see if there is data on the skin (bits of color and stuff).

### Q: Can someone make me a model
A: Unless someone offers to NEVER ASK FOR FREE WORK UNLESS THEY WANT TO DO IT!!!

### Q: How to make fancy legs?
A: Arrange the cubes in a certain way to make special legs, a common one that many people make is bipedal legs.

### Q: How do I make a tail?
A: Add a bunch of cubes and make it long, There are videos on YouTube.

### Q: Can I have that model? 
A: Check free-models because they probably don't want to share it or its in progress if they haven't shared it!

### Q: Setting player model type (slim or classic base model)
A: File/New/New Model/Slim or Default 

### Q: What is the bukkit plugin for?
A: The plugin is equivalent to installing the mod on a modded server. The mod and the plugin allows changing your model on the fly using the Models menu.

### Q: Changing your model on-the-fly
A: Export your model as a model file, and use the Models menu accessible from the Gestures menu (G). The mod has to be installed on the server.

### Q: How to use the skin changer
A: You can choose Export and Upload when exporting, or in the editor under Edit/Models select a model and press Upload Skin. Note this only works if you are not in-game. 

### Q: Can I use Blockbench?
A: Yes, with the plugin: [Using Blockbench](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/tree/master/Blockbench).

Commit message:

0.6.11a
Updated Spanish base translations (#481)
Updated Simplified Chinese translation (#482)
Added a warning message when connecting to offline servers
Editor QoL:
- Added a warning if animated texture regions overlap
- Added part locking
- Added 'Copy Transform from original' quick action when duplicating
Added animations:
- Using brush animations
- Head rotation animations
Added biome and entity tags system
- Only available through OSC for now
Ported to 1.20.2 Pre Release 2

Fixed crash with Cosmetic Armor fabric
Fixed player heads with Optifine on 1.19.4 and 1.20
Fixed armor on 1.20 Optifine
Fixed glow not working in first person with Iris (Closes #473)
Fixed skulls not showing glow layers with Iris
Fixed crash on fabric 1.16 and older (Closes #472)
Fixed export crash (Closes #483)
Fixed editor ui not updating correctly in some cases (Closes #476)
Fixed paste showing incorrect error messages
Fixed editor now shows the correct error message on corrupted install
Fixed armor root duplications not loading in the editor (Closes #479)
Fixed more than 255 animations breaking when exporting

CustomPlayerModels/src/shared/resources/assets/cpm/wiki/pages/FAQ.md, after:

### Q: Forge or Fabric?
A: Yes: [Forge on CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/custom-player-models), [Fabric/Quilt on CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/custom-player-models-fabric), [Bukkit/Spigot/Paper on CF](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/bukkit-plugins/custom-player-models-bukkit), [Bukkit/Spigot/Paper on GitHub](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/releases), [Forge, Fabric and Quilt on Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/custom-player-models)

### Q: Discord?
A: [https://discord.gg/mKyXdEsMZD](https://discord.gg/mKyXdEsMZD)

### Q: Does the mod work in servers?
A: This is a client side mod. That means anyone with the mod can see your models. See: [Exporting](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/wiki/Exporting)

### Q: Does this project/model work on my Minecraft version?
A: Yes, projects and models work across all supported Minecraft versions.

### Q: Where is the model editor?
A: On the top left of the screen. You do NOT need to download a third party program.

### Q: How do I use my model?
A: You have to export your project. [Exporting](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/wiki/Exporting)

### Q: How do I make a model?
A: I would recommend starting with using the tool Convert Vanilla Parts which allows you to edit the limbs directly. Then add blocks, bits and textures until you are done.  
See [#community-tutorials on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/811508670205788211/844561618281168968) or [Comprehensive CPM User Guide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/117GBWxtyNT6L3a69cENXz1Gjx-MplB1UC9l_uISn6oQ/edit?usp=sharing) (Google Docs) by `@w3eb on Discord` for more info.  

### Q: Where can I download models?
A: See [#free-models on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/811508670205788211/811532237521551360).

### Q: How do I color or texture?
A: Look on the left hand panel and use that to change it. But it is alot easier if you do it on a third party software like paint.net, gimp or photoshop. You can also change the size of the texture sheet.

### Q: How do you make more shapes?
A: You can't unless you use cubes to make it. You can make a triangle with two squares with the same color etc. 

### Q: How do I animate?
A: Move it pose to pose and use the ms count to make it how long the animation lasts. You can make parts appear and disappear in animations!

### Q: How do I export?
A: Press the export button, select a skin that the vanilla players will see. Choose the export location and a name for the file, and if a file has the same name or has a invalid character it will not export.

### Q :What is a gist?
A: [https://gist.github.com/](https://gist.github.com/) to create it Yes you will need to make an account, and the program will give you something to copy and paste into the gist. After you create the gist copy the link to it and paste it in the editor. You need this because the skin file cannot contain it because there is too much data for it to store on the skin.

### Q:Are there any tutorials?
A: See [#community-tutorials on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/811508670205788211/844561618281168968) or [Comprehensive CPM User Guide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/117GBWxtyNT6L3a69cENXz1Gjx-MplB1UC9l_uISn6oQ/edit?usp=sharing) (Google Docs) by `@w3eb on Discord` for more info.  
 
### Q: How do I make a part glow?
A: Using one of the effects called "glowing eyes" you can make a whole part/block "glow" (enderman eyes). Also it will be transparent, to fix that create two of the same part in the exact same position and only make ONE OF THEM glow! Then it will be a solid "glowing" parts! (You can make it actually glow using shaders)

### Q: How do I stop using the vanilla animations?
A: Turn off additive, then move the root limbs just a little bit and then you can make your own animations! (**Not the things inside from when you convert vanilla parts**). Or Use the disable vanilla animations effect.

### Q: It's not showing up in game!
A: Are you sure you are using the right skin? Check to see if there is data on the skin (bits of color and stuff).
Offline/pirate servers don't load skins, so test in single player first.

### Q: Can someone make me a model
A: Unless someone offers to NEVER ASK FOR FREE WORK UNLESS THEY WANT TO DO IT!!!

### Q: How to make fancy legs?
A: Arrange the cubes in a certain way to make special legs, a common one that many people make is bipedal legs.

### Q: How do I make a tail?
A: Add a bunch of cubes and make it long, There are videos on YouTube.

### Q: Can I have that model? 
A: Check [#free-models on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/811508670205788211/811532237521551360) because they probably don't want to share it or its in progress if they haven't shared it!

### Q: Setting player model type (slim or classic base model)
A: File/New/New Model/Slim or Default 

### Q: What is the bukkit plugin for?
A: The plugin is equivalent to installing the mod on a modded server. The mod and the plugin allows changing your model on the fly using the Models menu.

### Q: Changing your model on-the-fly
A: Export your model as a model file, and use the Models menu accessible from the Gestures menu (G). The mod has to be installed on the server.

### Q: How to use the skin changer
A: You can choose Export and Upload when exporting, or in the editor under Edit/Models select a model and press Upload Skin. Note this only works if you are not in-game. 

### Q: Can I use Blockbench?
A: Yes, with the plugin: [Using Blockbench](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/tree/master/Blockbench).
