CustomPlayerModels/src/shared/resources/assets/cpm/wiki/pages/Mod-Integrations.md, before:

Integration animations:
- [Voice Animations](#voice-animations)
- [First Person View](#first-person-view)
- [VR Animations](#vr-animations)
- [OSC](#osc-protocol)

## Voice Animations
- [Simple Voice Chat](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simple-voice-chat)  
Requires compat mod: Customizable Player Models Simple Voice Chat compat [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cpmsvcc), [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/cpmsvcc)  

## First Person View
- [First-person Model (Forge/Fabric)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/first-person-model)

## VR Animations
- [ViveCraft 1.16.5, 1.18.2 Forge only](https://www.vivecraft.org/)
- [ViveCraft Mixin version 1.18+ Forge & Fabric](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/vivecraft)

## OSC Protocol
You can set up Eye/Face tracking animations, animations based on your heart rate, or buttons on your streamdeck, etc.  
[Wiki page](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/wiki/OSC-Setup)  
Requires addon mod: Customizable Player Models OSC Compat [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cpmoscc), [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/cpmoscc)

Commit message:

0.6.6a
Added new keybinds: toggle editor visibility, toggle hidden by default
Added mirror part pose option
Animation copy and paste default keybinds changed
Added recover previous project on crash, saved into the autosaves folder
Swimming (pre 1.13) renamed to In water and plays when in water and not 1.13+ swimming

Fixed UUID lock showing as Safety settings error
Fixed Reset Pose Activating a pose/gesture (Closes #371)
Fixed select animation popup not showing anything when searching
Fixed paste frame not pasting correctly in some cases
Fixed copy transform crashing the exporter
Fixed vivecraft crash (Closes #380)
Fixed scaling not working after death on fabric

BB:
Fixed CPM export turning black in some cases (Closes #391)

OSC:
Added an Edit Selected option to the OSC Animation Wizard
Fixed mod homepage links (Closes #392)

CustomPlayerModels/src/shared/resources/assets/cpm/wiki/pages/Mod-Integrations.md, after:

Integration animations:
- [Scaling](#scaling)
- [Voice Animations](#voice-animations)
- [First Person View](#first-person-view)
- [VR Animations](#vr-animations)
- [OSC](#osc-protocol)

## Scaling
Player size, health, movement, and various attributes can be scaled using Pehkui:
[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pehkui), [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/pehkui)  
Some attributes' scaling is disabled by default and have to be enabled using the [/cpm command](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/wiki/The--cpm-command#scaling) on the server.  

## Voice Animations
- [Simple Voice Chat](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simple-voice-chat)  
Requires compat mod: Customizable Player Models Simple Voice Chat compat [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cpmsvcc), [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/cpmsvcc)  

## First Person View
- [First-person Model (Forge/Fabric)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/first-person-model)

## VR Animations
- [ViveCraft 1.16.5, 1.18.2 Forge only](https://www.vivecraft.org/)
- [ViveCraft Mixin version 1.18+ Forge & Fabric](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/vivecraft)

## OSC Protocol
You can set up Eye/Face tracking animations, animations based on your heart rate, or buttons on your streamdeck, etc.  
[Wiki page](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/wiki/OSC-Setup)  
Requires addon mod: Customizable Player Models OSC Compat [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cpmoscc), [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/cpmoscc)
