CustomPlayerModels/src/shared/resources/assets/cpm/wiki/pages/Templates.md, before:

**Templates are buggy and outdated, don't use them.**

## Using Templates
Templates are pre-made models, which can be added to your player model.  
Templates can be imported using Edit/Add Template.  
Templates can be customized using Template Arguments, accessible on the model tree.  

### Templates with Textures
Template textures can be predefined or appended to your skin texture using the Texture Argument accessible on the model tree.  
You have to have a bigger than normal texture sheet to append the template texture to your skin.  
Select 'Place Texture', then use U/V settings on the left, and set TexSize to 1. Use 'Place Texture' button to draw the pre-defined template texture to your sheet, at the current U/V.

## Creating Templates
Create a Template Project: 'New/Template' or 'Edit/Convert to Template'.  
Export template: File/Export, then select Template, then upload the text as a [GitHub Gist](https://gist.github.com/).

### Template Arguments
Template arguments can be used to allow customizaton for parts. Currently only color arguments are supported.  
Add a template argument and bind the elements to the argument under 'Parts', using the add button.

Commit message:

0.6.15a
Added /cpmclient command
Subcommands:
- profile <name>: open the social settings menu for player
- safety: opens the safety settings
- animate <animation> [value]: play animation
- set_model <model file>: change your model
- reset_model: remove your selected model
Added Safe Fall Distance Scaling (1.20.5+)
Added attack speed attribute scaling
Editor QoL:
- Added Export UV Map under Edit/Tools
- Editable display names for roots
- Improved part highlights
- Set Part Name Color
- Multi-select parts with animation editor
Updated Spanish and Chinese translations (#563, #559)
Translatable wiki pages
24w10a port

Fixed dragging and dropping .cpmmodels while inside the Models menu on the Minecraft window not working in some cases.
Fixed value layer default value showing negative (Closes #553)
Fixed model elements getting stuck inside the animation system after delete (Closes #536)
Fixed scaling staying stuck on model disable/switch (Closes #546)
Fixed first person hand rotations not wrapping around correctly (Closes #574)
Fixed initial part pose not copying over (Closes #575)
Fixed fill UV not working with per-face uv
Fixed parts tree scrolling to the bottom in some cases

Web:
Fixed Fill UV not working

CustomPlayerModels/src/shared/resources/assets/cpm/wiki/pages/Templates.md, after:

> [!CAUTION]
> Templates are buggy and outdated, don't use them for now.  
> The template system will be updated after the animation updates are finished.

## Using Templates
Templates are pre-made models, which can be added to your player model.  
Templates can be imported using Edit/Add Template.  
Templates can be customized using Template Arguments, accessible on the model tree.  

### Templates with Textures
Template textures can be predefined or appended to your skin texture using the Texture Argument accessible on the model tree.  
You have to have a bigger than normal texture sheet to append the template texture to your skin.  
Select 'Place Texture', then use U/V settings on the left, and set TexSize to 1. Use 'Place Texture' button to draw the pre-defined template texture to your sheet, at the current U/V.

## Creating Templates
Create a Template Project: 'New/Template' or 'Edit/Convert to Template'.  
Export template: File/Export, then select Template, then upload the text as a [GitHub Gist](https://gist.github.com/).

### Template Arguments
Template arguments can be used to allow customizaton for parts. Currently only color arguments are supported.  
Add a template argument and bind the elements to the argument under 'Parts', using the add button.
