Localization/README.md, before:

# CPM Translation guide

## Update existing
Missing entries will have an `UNLOCALIZED: ` prefix translate these strings.  
Potentially outdated entries will have a `MODIFIED: ` prefix, check the `start.json` and see if the existing translation matches the English version.
You can leave any UNLOCALIZED, and MODIFIED entries in the file, it won't show up in the release version.

## Creating a new file:
Check if your language is already present!  
Start with the start.json from this folder and rename it to your locale.  

## Base files
If your language has multiple variants you can create a base file and overrides for each variant.  
Create a json called `<language id>-base.json` where you translate all of the entries.  
Then create override files with your locale id and place a `meta-base` tag at the top with the value of `<language id>`.  

## Formatting:
- `\\` characters creates line breaks.  
- `%s`, `%d` are variables. Do not remove any from the text. You can change the order by typing `%<number>$s` where the `<number>` is the id of the variable starting from 1.  

Make sure to save the file in `UTF-8` format.  

## Publishing
Create a Pull Request with your changes.  
Don't touch the `.version` files as these will be generated/updated automatically once the PR is merged.  

## Embed Locale
Some translations have to be embedded in code due to security issues (TinyFD on Linux)  
Use the `meta.cpm.embedLocale` tag and enter your language locale.

Commit message:

0.6.15a
Added /cpmclient command
Subcommands:
- profile <name>: open the social settings menu for player
- safety: opens the safety settings
- animate <animation> [value]: play animation
- set_model <model file>: change your model
- reset_model: remove your selected model
Added Safe Fall Distance Scaling (1.20.5+)
Added attack speed attribute scaling
Editor QoL:
- Added Export UV Map under Edit/Tools
- Editable display names for roots
- Improved part highlights
- Set Part Name Color
- Multi-select parts with animation editor
Updated Spanish and Chinese translations (#563, #559)
Translatable wiki pages
24w10a port

Fixed dragging and dropping .cpmmodels while inside the Models menu on the Minecraft window not working in some cases.
Fixed value layer default value showing negative (Closes #553)
Fixed model elements getting stuck inside the animation system after delete (Closes #536)
Fixed scaling staying stuck on model disable/switch (Closes #546)
Fixed first person hand rotations not wrapping around correctly (Closes #574)
Fixed initial part pose not copying over (Closes #575)
Fixed fill UV not working with per-face uv
Fixed parts tree scrolling to the bottom in some cases

Web:
Fixed Fill UV not working

Localization/README.md, after:

# CPM Translation guide

## Update existing
Missing entries will have an `UNLOCALIZED: ` prefix translate these strings.  
Potentially outdated entries will have a `MODIFIED: ` prefix, check the `start.json` and see if the existing translation matches the English version.
You can leave any UNLOCALIZED, and MODIFIED entries in the file, it won't show up in the release version.

## Creating a new file:
Check if your language is already present!  
Start with the `start.json` from this folder, copy and rename it to your locale.  

## Base files
If your language has multiple variants you can create a base file and overrides for each variant.  
Create a json called `<language id>-base.json` where you translate all of the entries.  
Then create override files with your locale id and place a `meta-base` tag at the top with the value of `<language id>`.  

## Formatting:
- `\\` characters creates line breaks.  
- `%s`, `%d` are variables. Do not remove any from the text. You can change the order by typing `%<number>$s` where the `<number>` is the id of the variable starting from 1.  

Make sure to save the file in `UTF-8` format.  

## Publishing
Create a Pull Request with your changes.  
Don't touch the `.version` files as these will be generated/updated automatically once the PR is merged.  

## Embed Locale
Some translations have to be embedded in code due to security issues (TinyFD on Linux)  
Use the `meta.cpm.embedLocale` tag and enter your language locale.  

# Wiki Translations
Check if your language is already present!  
Start with the `start` folder from this folder, copy and rename it to your locale.  
The locale name must follow github's naming system. Example: `en-US`  

Don't change any Markdown links `[...](...)`, the correct localized link will be inserted by the page preprocessor.  
When translating headers (`# ...`), please keep the original title inbetween `{...}`.  
Example: `# Translated title {Original Title}`  
This is necessary to keep the links working on the pages.  

## Base folder
If your language has multiple variants you can create a base folder and overrides for each variant.    
Create a folder called `<language id>-base` where you translate all of the entries.  
Then create an entry into the `config.json` to point at the base folder.

## config.json

### Base
Load extra files from the base folder  
Example `"base": "en-base"`, load from the `en-base` folder
