Blockbench/README.MD, before:

# Customizable Player Models Blockbench Plugin  
**This plugin is in alpha, it only adds support for importing and exporting `.cpmproject` files.**  
Known issues/bugs:
- Root part offsets and rotations doesn't get imported/exported.

If you find a bug report it here [Bugtracker](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/issues) / Click on issues, and create an issue with screenshots and your blockbench project attached in a .zip file.  

## How to install
You need the desktop version of Blockbench. Link: [https://blockbench.net/downloads/](https://blockbench.net/downloads/)  
Open the plugin: [Link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/master/Blockbench/cpm_plugin.js), then Save the Page (Right click/Save Page, or Ctrl+S). Then in Blockbench go to File/Plugins then Load Plugin from File, and open the downloaded `.js` file.

## Usage
You can import .cpmproject files, or start from scratch. It is recommended that you start with the Minecraft Skin Preset, and use the edit mode to modify your model.

Commit message:

Blockbench plugin update 0.0.4
Added warnings popup, when exporting
Added 'Add Parts' option under Edit
Added 'Customizable Player Models model' Preset
Added imported models no longer lose animations, and effects, when exported again

Fixed export not working (Closes #150, Closes #83)

Blockbench/README.MD, after:

# Customizable Player Models Blockbench Plugin  
**This plugin is in beta, some features are not supported yet**  

Tested with Blockbench desktop 4.1.1 portable

If you find a bug report it here [Bugtracker](https://github.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/issues) / Click on issues, and create an issue with screenshots and your blockbench project attached in a .zip file.  

## How to install
You need the desktop version of Blockbench. Link: [https://blockbench.net/downloads/](https://blockbench.net/downloads/)  
Go to File/Plugins then click the load plugin from URL, and paste the following URL in:  
`https://tom5454.com/cpm/cpm_plugin.js`  
The plugin should be installed and you can import and export `.cpmproject` files.  

<details>
  <summary>If it doesn't work you can download it manually</summary>
  
Open the plugin: [Link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tom5454/CustomPlayerModels/master/Blockbench/cpm_plugin.js), then Save the Page (Right click/Save Page, or Ctrl+S). Then in Blockbench go to File/Plugins then Load Plugin from File, and open the downloaded `.js` file.
</details>

## Usage
You can import .cpmproject files, or start from scratch. It is recommended that you start with the `Customizable Player Models model` Preset. If you have a different model use File/Convert Project and change it to `Customizable Player Models model`.  
If you import additional data may be placed in the cube names after a `|` character. Do not edit this text.
